and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business
growth show delighted to be joined by
dave kenneth today dave is the founder
and ceo
of replays replays consists of a team of
the world's top
sales coaches who listen to gong and
chorus cools for tech companies and give
live
and recorded video feedback dave a very
warm welcome sir
how are you doing i'm doing great sam
thank you i love the energy man it's
contagious
i appreciate it dude really excited to
chat today and this is going to be
uh an interesting episode it's going to
help me a lot and i'm sure it's going to
help everyone tuning in watching
listening this fine day
on how we can become a top one percenter
in sales we're going to
be giving actionable tips across
discovery course um
demos and presentations as well as
closing deals
helping all business owners sales reps
and the like tuning in
on how they can get that extra one
percent out get that sales revenue in
and and do their very best when it comes
to getting business over the line
so i think dave if we could if we could
dump jump from the top
and perhaps we could in the right order
we could start with discovery calls
and perhaps talk about some some lesser
known tips from your side and perhaps
some of the pitfalls that people should
avoid
absolutely yeah i think people talk
about the importance of closing all the
time and
we get asked at replays very frequently
our coaches what
is the the what do the best
reps consistently do better than
everyone else
and they assume often that it's closing
strong and of course closing is
important but
it's really discovery in our opinion is
those
reps and those business owners who are
taking the time to really
explore their prospects needs um
and truly understanding the
current scenario they're in the impact
of
what kind of what we call status quo or
kind of what what a day in the life is
today
um and and really understand that that
is where it all starts and when that
gets missed
it it very significantly hampers
the chance that the sales reps gonna
actually close the deal
not
you have to get the available over the
line you have to get them signed you
have to get them paid
when like you say over the years i've
come to realize just like you mentioned
then the discovery is
is very very important for all those
things you said for identifying firstly
if this customer is even going to be or
this prospect's even gonna be a good fit
for
both us and us to them before you start
wasting all your time on these
follow-ups there's the things that come
later on in the sales funnel like
trying to do your presentation your demo
trying to get the deal over the line
so it's so crucial and so paramount that
you get discovery right like you
mentioned
so yeah you talked about understanding
their current scenario
understanding the impact of the status
quo are there some
crucial elements in your opinion dave
that make up an awesome or an epic
discovery call that should never be
missed well there's a few things
number one we find that um reps over
time myself included
i've been selling for years tend to get
lazy and we
jump into something thinking ah done
this discovery a million times i'm good
what happens is we see some of the newer
sales reps
who are eager who have been very
thoughtful and intentional about their
discovery questions
they have them written down and they
actually
the newer reps sometimes do a better job
of discovery than the season reps
because
of the laziness that generally so number
one would be i think
before you jump in a call be very
intentional
about what it is you want to
achieve in that call what it is you want
to understand
about that that prospect about their
organization
and take all the learnings you've got
from your previous discoveries and
and iterate right take what what worked
in terms of
really what questions were most
impactful at understanding
that person's need uh that person's pain
points the organization's
pain points so uh that would be that'll
be number one i know it sounds like
table stakes
you would assume it is but it gets
missed a lot
sure so that's it's interesting you
should raise that actually we had a
inquiry that came in through web choice
for someone that needed digital
marketing help earlier
and i i actually can relate to that
quite a lot because i almost missed some
of the
crucial questions just because like you
said dave we're so used to
asking these set of discovery questions
that we use to actually qualify someone
if they're
a good fit to do business with us
whether it's asking what they're doing
right now
where they want to get to um their
timelines who's involved in the process
what they want to get out of it what
where they want to get to in a year's
time with it all these
these kind of crucial questions get to
understand their current state and their
desired state and all that good stuff
and just forgot some of the key elements
and i'm thinking i need to list some of
this stuff out again so i don't miss it
so is that something we should do you
think
they've had this list in front of us or
is it a bit too generic
to have those lists well a couple things
number one
we we never want to make it seem like
we're reading off a list and if we do it
at the end of the world right
i mean if i am putting myself in the
shoes of a buyer
and there's a sales rep reading off a
list of questions i'm not sure i'd be
that upset
you know it's it's kind of like when
you're at the restaurant the server
doesn't write down your order and you're
like i know they're going to screw
something up here
versus are being a little bit more
methodical about their approach
so no i think it's i think it's fine
having said that
we definitely want to get to a state
where it feels
more natural so that the sales rep is
really just
looking glancing down referring
potentially to a list going okay yeah i
covered that off
and then after that i think it's about
staying present right it's about
what we see is um reps will take that
list advice
and they'll be like okay check check and
then
they'll actually forget to listen and
and they'll miss valuable things some of
the the best
sort of nuggets are uncovered through
follow-up questions i know
you know for the folks listening that's
that's not groundbreaking news but
it is the basics that get missed a lot
of the time so remind yourself to stay
present and if
they answer in a certain way just asking
those solid open probe follow-up
questions like okay
interesting that you said that help me
understand how that's impacted your
business
or uh okay understanding that like just
tell me a little bit more about
what that meant to your customer
experience
and um in and so it's it's
in those questions that we usually are
able to
go down a path to to really understand
um
what it is we need to know to tailor the
right solution and
you just don't want your competitor to
be better at that than you
yeah and i guess it's giving your
prospective customer a feeling that you
really care about what they're trying to
do yeah
so you're asking these thoughtful
questions that are actually rather than
just like you say reading off a list and
just
doing question one question two question
three until you get to the end of the
10 15 minute call you're actually really
really asking deeper getting to a deeper
level on where they want to get to this
and why they want to do it
so for one shows you care and secondly i
guess gives you
a bit more trust because you actually
know what you're talking about you're
trying to help them out right
well well it really does and you know to
that end we get asked all the time well
how do i make this
not just sound like i'm playing 20
questions like
yeah on the inquisition stand somehow
and that's that's a very
relevant question because at replays we
review discovery calls all the time and
we do see
how it sounds a little bit robotic
sometimes and impersonal and
um you know i think that on authenticity
of actually caring about your customers
business we
look at the you know we get to see what
the top reps are consistently doing and
they are naturally curious
right they're not just asking a question
for the sake of asking a question
they're leaning in
their their their intonation everything
about
their body language and the follow-up
questions
really indicates hey i'm interested in
this person and i'm interested in
helping them
uh for better for worse maybe we
determine it's a perfectly fine outcome
of a discovery to be hey there might not
be a fit here but
we certainly need to go through the
questions to do that so you know a few
of the tips we recommend
to make it not feel like you're playing
20 questions as
you know weave in some natural
conversational style things
like um and you know use customer
stories
you know this is another thing that is
under
and the social proof of referencing
um a customer story is is just so
important and often we'll see reps say
oh yeah uh you know what we have a great
case study i'm going to email it to you
we're like hey you're the sales rep
who's paid because you're a great
communicator and a fantastic listener
they're not going to open the white
paper you send them right they might not
even watch the video you send them
higher likelihood they'll watch the
video then read the white paper but
just tell them the story and you know do
it
in in under a minute and be um
roi focused in your story to help
demonstrate
how you've helped a current customer
achieve the things that you're hearing
your prospect
might need help with so you know we we
get asked like you know is
is discovery really the right place for
a customer story absolutely it is
uh if it's done in a way that doesn't
detract from the conversation or take us
too far
um you know off the path but if the as
we're going through our discovery
and the prospect says well you know i
understand that but
i just really you know maybe they just
display skepticism
like i just really don't feel like
you're in my you know
actually in our market vertical in our
space
and well that's a perfect opportunity to
validate what they said i hear what
you're saying
in fact we hear that a lot um but it's
it's uh
it's probably because we're not doing a
good enough uh job letting the market
know that we are a solid player in your
space in fact let me give you a couple
examples are you familiar with xyz
company yeah oh okay well
they're they're a happy customer and in
fact they had the same issue
that you are articulating to me when
they approached us
and what we're able to help them with so
customer stories and i think that the
other thing i would say is
if you feel like there's question
fatigue
and a great way to you know pick up on
that isn't just intonation it's
using video you know we still get reps
like
surprisingly saying no no uh video
doesn't work for me or my prospect
doesn't want to use video what have you
um always try it your prospect might not
want to do video but
you're never going to actually uh have
them on video screen a if you don't uh
and
b if you don't try and and so
i think it's important to pick up on
their intonation their body language of
if they're like yeah okay yeah
you might jump in then as the sales rep
and say hey you know i just want
i want to thank you for uh going through
all the answers these questions
uh i know it's probably not the funnest
15 minutes of your life
uh but we're almost there i just have a
couple more questions and i promise you
what we found is
we don't want to just give you like the
standard presentation the standard demo
and us taking a few minutes right now
for for me to really understand
your current scenario i think will
really help us tailor the solution for
you
so that we're making the best use of
your time so it's okay if i just ask you
a few more questions
dave so many golden nuggets in there man
don't really know where to start but
customer stories awesome um very very
good point
so i guess it really helps people
actually
visualize what you're talking about
rather than just reeling off questions
you're actually getting them to imagine
almost using your product or service
because they're saying look i'm not sure
about x i'm not sure about why
or can you handle z and you're saying
well funny you should mention that we
actually had this this customer
last month that had that same issue they
were getting frustrated with this so we
we integrated this solution and it
helped them
to see this kind of return over this
period so you're literally
talk you're saying that you understand
and then you're putting yourself in
their shoes getting them to imagine
using your product or services
really really powerful stuff that and
then talking about examples
um dave tough one i've had it myself
many many times what do you do when
you're running a discovery call you're
running an initial exploratory meeting
and someone says i just want to see the
product or i just want a price i just
really really want a price like can you
just give me the price
yeah how do you respond to that it
happens all the time we've got a
three-step process for that that works
um the majority of the time and
nothing works 100 of the time right
that's why they're sales calls
exactly yeah and so of course
the goal is to always be able
to understand their needs tailor a
solution to their needs
help them understand the value and then
present pricing
but as an impatient buyer myself
i get why a buyer might not want to
follow that exact journey
and so um you know in in the discoveries
we review i'd say
a variation of the question you just
asked hey can i just see the product or
hey can i just get pricing
probably comes up 80 to 90 of the time
so
as sales professionals we need to be
really good at handling those objections
and so when it's all about hey can you
just give me a price
i think what we recommend you start with
there is
absolutely we can give you a price we do
have a process that we typically follow
and we follow that because we found that
it's in your best interest it's in the
buyer because
we have a number of questions that help
us determine what the best solution is
for you and then we'll give you pricing
on that solution and that'll work you
know
a decent percentage of the time but then
it definitely doesn't work
you know let's call it i don't know 20
30 40 of the time so when it doesn't
then you go to
step two and they're like no no no i i
get it i hear you
don't be like all those other
salespeople just give me a price
and that's where i would say that okay
sure
um we can i think at this point it's
probably helpful for me to give you a
range
um and i want you to know the downside
of me giving you a range is
i don't understand all your requirements
right now so
on the bottom end of the range it might
be too low and on the top top end it
might be too high
but here's a range you know 20 000 to 30
000 per year and then
they're like no no no i want a custom
price i want a price for me
and and i want that now that's where the
next step for us is to say
sure let's do it uh let me bring up our
pricing grid um
i just have a question for you first
help me understand like when we talk to
prospects when we talk to people like
yourself who are looking at different
solutions and looking to move forward
we find that the ones that actually do
move forward with us aren't indexing
prices their number one
sort of um decision making criteria
are there any other decision making
criteria that you are using here or is
it just
price and that often gets into an
interesting conversation
right now you satisfied what they've
asked yes i'm going to show you pricing
yes i'll put it on the screen
by the way i have one question for you
first and it gets into an interesting
discussion of
what is their priority and often they'll
say no no of course it's not the
priority i mean
the pricing is just really important
i've got a budget i need to stick within
it why would i invest more time with you
if i don't know the price
but i mean to us service is really
important oh really tell me more about
that
well it's important because we just had
a massive service failure with our
current provider
oh interesting what was the impact of
that and you don't want to
play like mind game ninja tricks the
point isn't to just never get back to
price it's like okay great well
you know i'll tell you what i'll show
you the pricing now and i'd like to
learn more about
that the service level failure that you
talked about and um
and i think it'd be important to see if
that's something if we were your partner
we wouldn't be able to help with let me
share pricing on the screen now so
that's
that's the natural path we recommend you
take that's awesome dude and like you
say it comes up so much
that you you get people that are
impatient or they just genuinely do want
to know the price because they might
have a really small budget
or they might have a set budget that
their md or their cfo their financial
director is giving them
they're just saying just show me the
price dude show me the price so i love
the the range
like you say you can say well our
services start from five hundred dollars
a month to
five grand a month um can you see
yourself working within that
and and then if they say what about our
customized solution and like you say you
say well i don't know enough about your
needs yet is it okay if i ask you a
couple more questions
so i can tailor our options to be
relevant to exactly where you want to
get to
and i guess most of the times that works
but then you're always going to get one
or two people that
kind of want to push you a bit more so
that's that's some great options for
people to actually tap
into and use and in your opinion dave
what is the main
what's the main objective for a
discovery call
main objective is absolutely to
understand their current state
and by that i mean understanding okay
you're you're having a conversation with
them it's either because it was an
inbound lead so there may have been
an understanding on their side that
they've got a need they may be looking
for a new supplier
it may be a greenfield option we're like
oh we've got this need and we're
we can't do this in house anymore we're
evaluating a few different vendors
or it was an outbound generated lead and
they might not
actually have an awareness of a need
you've just had an sdr who's captured
their interest
and now they're in front of you and
those motions are different motions the
the conversation the framework of those
initial meetings
are different because you've got a
different mindset
of two different buyer scenarios
one who knows that they have an
awareness that they want something
and another one might not have an
awareness that they want something so
the answer is
slightly different for each one but what
i would say
first for the inbound lead it's
understanding why they reached out
understanding uh what their current
solution
is um understanding
what works well with their current
solution a lot of reps are scared to ask
that oh i don't want them to
be giving kudos to their current
supplier or thinking that their current
setup's actually good enough
hey this is like that's why sales reps
get a bad rap
like come on let's be transparent let's
actually be an adviser let's ask them
what's working great but then let's
understand okay what is it working
and um and then we want to understand a
lot about what the impact of that is
oh okay so you had a service failure
what was the impact well we got
um a two-star rating on google from like
30 different uh customers oh wow
and what was the did you lose any
customers well yeah no we lost eight
customers what was the impact of that
well probably a hundred grand
just this month oh really wow okay and
um and then you know imagine if we
hadn't asked all those questions
and we're just like and look at this
whiz band thing i'm gonna i'm gonna
share my screen
see what we do here and look at this
drop down isn't that neat it's like
man we lost an opportunity there to
understand
exactly where this customer is having
challenges
and this ties back to closing later how
can you effectively
close a prospect if you don't understand
what's keeping them up at night and if
you can't paint a picture of
here's your current state let's quantify
oh you lost 100 000
in sales man what did that put you
relative to your target well we're
actually back by
by 70 thousand dollars relative charge
what's your plan next quarter well i
don't know we need to fix this
okay and then we we paint the picture of
future state well here's how
we can ensure that doesn't happen and
this is an exact scenario we have with
one of our other customers
and fast forward to today abc company
who i think you're familiar with based
on what you said before
they got five-star ratings and um their
service failure rate is
point two percent or whatever it is and
um we can do that for you
how meaningful would that be and if they
then at the end of the call when you're
looking to
close the deal or at least you know get
a next meeting on the books and they're
like
you know i'm just not sure well now
you've at least got something that you
can
um explore further whereas if they're if
you never
explored their current state the impact
of their current state where their
challenges are
and you're getting to that final
question and the call oh well what are
your thoughts
i don't know would you want to move
forward or at least have another meeting
uh i don't know then all you've got to
say is a wrap is well didn't you like
that little drop down i showed you and
how it clicks to the right in the little
radio button
that's not sales right that's like uh
that's like just doing a live our
training session
yeah i'm going to frustrate a lot of
people when i say this dave and what you
said there i've got a lot of time for
really understanding the
their goals and like you said i think
correct if i'm wrong but a lot of this
comes down to being genuinely curious
as to where your prospective client
wants to go and like you say
understanding the current state where
they want to get to with it
and just just asking what the impact is
of the current situation and if it's
really a problem you can fix if it's
worth fixing if they've got the budget
to fix it if they actually want to fix
it if they want to get it done
or if they're just fishing around or
just messing around with you um
this is probably going to be a two or
three part podcast i think dude because
we're not even on the discovery
um which is fine by me so
moving things forward um we've and
agreeing a great great point on
understanding if it's an inbound lead or
an outbound lead and
tackling that appropriately and
understanding where their heads are and
where they want to be with this
so moving this forwards so we've we've
nailed down the discovery
we've gone through all these points and
we've we've booked in
um a demo sorry going back to my
controversial
point before i've just lost my train of
thought but that was
going back to when you say you're doing
a demo you're perhaps jumping in and
showing people all these gizmos without
really having an understanding of their
goals and objectives
so that's why a question where some um
websites for example say book a demo
with us
and it's like well you're requesting to
book a demo but how can you show a demo
when you haven't done discovery
so i sometimes find that misleading and
uh
i know on our site for example we've
we've got something like requested free
quote
so we'll the first stage is always
discovery um so it's a similar kind of
thing but it's just
something to think about for the
business
and i don't think that's you know i
don't know if it's i think it's a
question
worth asking if you're in the marketing
department and
you know because i i do think there are
it depends who you're going after
if it's what i call the users right the
folks that
are using it they probably want a demo
if it's
the more the c-suite and the people
above the power line
yeah those are the ones that are more
interested in the value
and so i would a b test something like
that for my my product
i think yeah i guess it all depends on
let you say the
the scale of the product you're offering
the price point how much complexity is
there is to it
so there's so many there's so many
different factors that come into play on
those kind of things
yeah there are if you're if you're
wanting to do the bottom-up approach
where you want the users to rave about
it and then get budget
great um top-down approach is always
better if we can do it
and and that's who i want my messaging
to be for but i can see the merit of
both
it really depends like you say on price
point on the product
uh but i'm you know now i'm out of my
lane uh sales is my lane
let's get back to salesy right moving
forward we've nailed the discovery
we've decided that they're a good fit
and the the prospect's happy to
to book in a demo or a presentation
called depending on the product or
service we offer
so we've booked in the zoom called the
skype call we've got our fancy slides
prepared
and we're ready to jump right in and wow
the client with our amazing offering
and we want to get that deal over the
line so perhaps you can run through dave
some some key things we need to think
about when we're doing our presentations
and how we can make sure they go
smoothly yeah the first thing is
always tie the presentation to what you
learned in the discovery
so you've got five things you could show
a prospect
and you through your discovery
understood that two of those five things
are just
super important to your prospect and
that's where
you want to spend 80 of the time is on
those two things and what we see all too
often is
a wrap already has a preconceived notion
of what they want their presentation to
look like
and if you were to watch 20
presentations regardless of how the
discovery went or what was said there
those 20 presentations look the same and
that's just certainly not where we want
to be we want it to be customized
to imagine if you went to buy a shoe
right and just to make it a real basic
um you know analogy you walk into a
store to buy a shoe and
you've got um you know a huge pronation
on one of your feet and you're always
pronating in and you need a special shoe
for that
and the person who's like the shoe sales
person is like
you know has this pitch in their head
like we've got these three shoes and
they're on sale which one do you want
and i'm like well i've got this
yeah but these two are on it's like man
can you imagine and we see the
equivalent of that
happening all the time in sales so the
first thing is
really tie your the the the valuable
time you've got with this prospect
tie it to what you just learned makes
sense right
so yeah really customize that that demo
rather than just doing the generic
offering actually relate it back to i
guess the goals and objectives that you
discussed
and their pain points making sure you
get those across
um should we should we try and keep them
quite brief do you think dave
in terms of what we put across is like a
sweet spot without going on
kind of slides and slides if you had
this problem you had that problem that
was causing this issue this was the
impact blah blah blah blah blah
it should should we quite keep it to the
point so we're not sending them to sleep
we can move on with things i think i
think there's no one answer i think it's
good to have that mental model in your
mind like hey
um how should i customize my time
with this person so that i make it most
effective but i think it depends on
where they're at in the buyer journey
you know the old adage of once they say
yes like
stop selling so we've all had that
scenario where
we you know probably more in a
transactional motion sale not
an enterprise fit sale although it does
happen sometimes but where they're like
yeah i think i'm good to move forward
and you're like but i haven't shown you
the presentation yet
you do always want to wonder hey is that
a ticking time bomb for churn if they
don't truly understand what you're
selling
but i think uh a few of the overarching
best practices for a framework for the
presentation portion
of your discussion uh i think number one
come up for air like every minute and a
half
have a meaningful check-in with your
prospect what we see all the time is
sales reps like talking for literally
five to eight minutes
without taking a breath and um i don't
know about you if i'm on the buyer's
side i've checked out i'm in my slack
i'm you know and so uh we often hear
you know make sense any questions and
the automatic response
90 of the time is uh yeah make sense
yeah yeah good good
and then they talk for another five to
eight minutes so it's about really
checking in like based on what i just
showed you here i really like to
understand
how would that impact your sales org
based on what you told me earlier on
their need to have
a higher level of outreach it's like oh
well and then you get into a meaningful
conversation
right so here's how here's one
overarching mental model i encourage
every single listener here to think
about
next time they jump on a sales call and
that is
don't think of it as a presentation when
you do the think of it as a conversation
that's supported by a couple slides or
maybe by a little demo
if too often we think demo ah we need to
sit there
wind ourselves up and talk for half an
hour and man
and we just see that all the time it's
actually a conversation
right a two-way conversation supported
by
um a you know a presentation and i i i
and
i think you know i if you've got
something if you've got a software for
example you can
demo the demos really well do that
instead of showing slides
you know if you have to show slides sure
do it but don't bore them to death
teach them something you know here's
another overarching theme
is you want to educate because there you
have the benefit of as a sales
professional
if you're selling to i don't know vp
marketing you've probably talked to
50 vps of marketing in the last quarter
maybe the last six months
whereas that vp marketing you're talking
to hasn't talked to 50
most likely and they haven't they
definitely haven't had a 20 minute
discovery call with
49 other vps marketing so you've got
some resident knowledge in your head
that's very
valuable and everyone in their role
wants to know what someone else
is doing in their role in their industry
what are their colleagues doing what are
the best practices
well guess what you hold some pretty
valuable data there so make your goal
to be when i leave this when the
prospect walks away from this call i
want them to feel like they learned so
much they actually would have paid
for that call so educate them that's a
nice way to look at it and completely
agree on the conversation part of things
i mean i've sat on a plenty of demos or
presentations myself where like you say
the sales reps not come up for air
they've spoke for eight ten minutes
straight
and then you've switched off after two
minutes because they've just rambled on
about their product or service had no
interest in
whether it's even of interest or useful
to you and you've literally switched off
because it's
it's not a conversation anymore it's
just them talking at a screen
or whatever they're talking about maybe
their webcam um
dave do you have a set of framework that
you use or that you recommend
for presentations i.e we step one is go
through your goals and
um objectives that we discussed on the
discovery call
or maybe before that maybe for example
setting an agenda at the start of the
call saying that we've got an
x amount of time that we laid out in our
we agreed we're going to take
30 minutes for this cool then we're
going to go through the goals and
objectives
and then we're going to go through how
our solution attacks this we'll then go
through commercials
and then we'll spend some time to
discuss next steps have you got like a
loose framework that you recommend or is
it going to be quite customized
depending on what your
prospective customer needs well we've
got this unique perspective thankfully
that we've we you know we review calls
for a living that's what our team
replace coaches do day in day out so
we'll we've watched
hundreds and hundreds of discovery calls
demos closing calls proposal calls
at each market segment stage from our
customers
at ibm where deal size is millions of
dollars
to you know a video where it could be
transactional a four to six k
deal or it could be an enterprise fit
deal that's that's
higher up the the value team and
the uh through this and through having
access to
the winrate data of all of our customers
we actually have developed our replace
hundred best practices so
our whole company is actually geared
around that framework and you know of
course we gray out certain
best practices if you're selling a
million dollar deal versus a
three thousand dollar deal and then
there's certain best practices that are
table stakes no matter what
building rapport introductions uh
three-step process to an agenda
always incorporate a customer story with
this three-step framework so
yeah we very much have a framework you
and i would need a bit more time to go
through it but
yeah people you know talk tracks are
fine
but it's a framework and a process that
will help the sales rep
successfully navigate through any sales
situation
awesome no i appreciate that dave like i
said because we're strapped for time
what we're going to do is we'll do
another episode when it comes to
to actually closing and asking for the
business
but to wrap up perhaps we can keep this
just to the initial point of
presentation
and recapping goals and objectives and
then going on to display solution before
we wrap things up are there any other
any other things we should be aware of
or any other pitfalls we should try not
to go down
when we're when we're presenting the
common issues that you see time and
again which you really
cringe and you wish i wish the sales rep
didn't do that because they could have
won the business
yeah i'll leave uh everyone with two
things one is
uh if you're at the point where you can
present pricing
present it don't just say oh i'll send
an email on that
we see reps getting timed out at the end
of a meeting and it's
it's only one person to blame for that
and it's
you know me the sales rep if i didn't
leave enough time
you want to be there to handle
objections and walk them through the
value of pricing
the second is always get a next meeting
on the books while
assuming there's a fit and assuming
there's a purpose that next meeting
while you're actually
on the phone you know jump in and say
hey we just find that it's super helpful
for our prospects if we
um if we put a placeholder meeting
within a few days
just to help arm you with anything else
you need for your decision
um even just 15 minutes and feel free to
cancel if it doesn't work and
reps that do that get ghosted less and
they keep up deal momentum
yeah there's nothing worse is that than
not agreeing your next step and then
you're chasing someone an email
or trying to call them trying to text
them trying to skype them trying to link
in them
and there's nothing but tumbleweeds yeah
oh i know it's the worst we've all been
there
we've all been there yeah dave look
really appreciate it man thoroughly
enjoyed the chat today we've covered
some great ground lights said we'll
bring you back for that
framework for awesome demos and
presentations and actually how we can
close deals
and get more business over the line um
now sir please do tell us more about
your company how people can learn from
you and how people connect with you
and the best way to get in touch sure
thanks sam this has been awesome
thanks a lot for having me i i just love
having these kind of conversations with
people that
are that enjoy having these
conversations so yeah
if you know uh for for those listening
who have found any of these tips
valuable they're simply our replays best
practices so
there's a few ways to access those one
is through replaysmasterclass.com
it's 92 videos on walking through
our best practices so
replaysmasterclass.com and then
our core business replays.com which is
we do call reviews for
some of the highest growth organizations
um in the world
and you know small to large uh where we
just simply review calls because
sales leaders unfortunately myself
included don't always have time to do
that
and it's important to keep that up and
then finally we've got replays live
which is american idol for sales it just
launched it's thursdays at noon
you go to replayslive.com and you can
hear judges like
scott lease josh braun sam mckenna scott
barker myself
and um actually listened to a 30-minute
pitch real live pitch by
uh account executives companies like
outreach
and vidyard and um and then the audience
votes on whether they
actually did a great job and got the
next meeting so would love it if you're
uh
if your audience would join us there one
day too sounds awesome man yeah i've
been seeing the promotion all over
linkedin so be sure to check that out
guys
replays are doing a great job on that
sort of thing so definitely head over to
their site
and see what's going on with them dave
with that really want to thank you once
again for your time sir
awesome thank you so much sam have a
great one cheers dude and if you enjoyed
the show be sure to hit subscribe for
business growth show
on your podcast channel of choice we
interview two business leaders each and
every week to provide
actionable tips to boost yourselves make
best use of marketing
and ultimately grow your business and
with that thanks again for tuning in